.NET DI-ready localization content (#25495)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/base-types/character-encoding-introduction.md

Here are some examples of code point assignments, with links to Unicode charts in which they appear:

| Decimal | Hex       | Example | Description                                                                        |
|--------:|-----------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 10      | `U+000A`  | N/A     | [LINE FEED](https://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U0000.pdf)                          |
| 97      | `U+0061`  | a       | [LATIN SMALL LETTER A](https://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U0000.pdf)               |
| 562     | `U+0232`  | Ȳ       | [LATIN CAPITAL LETTER Y WITH MACRON](https://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U0180.pdf) |
| 68,675  | `U+10C43` | 𐱃     | [OLD TURKIC LETTER ORKHON AT](https://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U10C00.pdf)       |
| 127,801 | `U+1F339` | 🌹     | [ROSE emoji](https://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U1F300.pdf)                        |

Code points are customarily referred to by using the syntax `U+xxxx`, where `xxxx` is the hex-encoded integer value.

> Within the full range of code points there are two sub-ranges:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the full range of code points there are two subranges:
```

See https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2696&topicid=28104.
